fix dot z ref (auth/dependencies section corrupt in prev update) (#287)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/dotz.md

* User not authorized/authenticated (custom response)
```q
(2;"response text")
```

> The custom reponse to be sent should be provided in the "response text" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom response to be sent should be provided in the "response text" section.
```

> The "response text" should be comprised of a valid HTTP response message e.g. can be used to provide a
> 401 response with a customised message.
> An HTTP callback to handle the original request will not be called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response text should be comprised of a valid HTTP response message, for example a 401 response with a customised message.
An HTTP callback to handle the original request is not called.
```

* Fallback to basic authentication
```q
(4;"")
```
Fallback to [basic access authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_access_authentication#Client_side), where the username/password are base64 decoded and processed via the [`-u`](../ba
sics/cmdline.md#-u-usr-pwd-local)/[`-U`](../basics/cmdline.md#-u-usr-pwd) file and [`.z.pw`](#zpw-validate-user) (if defined).

> If the user is not permitted, the client will be sent a default 401 HTTP unauthorized response. Since V4.0 2021.07.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is not permitted, the client is sent a default 401 HTTP unauthorized response. Since V4.0 2021.07.12.
```
